In this lecture, we look at a dedicated website that comes bundled with this course, which has been
designed to support your learning.
So what is the best way to learn?
In my opinion, is by using billboard examples, by testing against a variety of different scenarios.
By using scenarios that vary in complexity.
By staying organized and having a central repository.
And that's why I'd like to welcome you to.
Automation testing the code at UK.
Automation Test Encoder UK is a website I have developed to help support your learning.
It consists of a number of different scenarios and elements you would often find across the web.
On the left hand side is a menu.
And if I select one of these links such as the Buttons Link, it will show you a Buttons page and he
can interact with the button examples.
So for example, if I click on button one, it pops up an alert.
If I show you the contact us form page, you'll see a contact us form.
And here I can provide data and try submitted.
This works like a contact us form you'd find across many websites.
So if I was submitted without entering data.
You see, they froze in error because some of that data is mandatory.
So there are various pages that you can explore here.
So I'm not going to go through all of them now, but I will show you the test or link.
So when I click on Test Store, it will take you to a e-commerce store, which we can use to develop
our test scripts.
So the good thing about this eCommerce store is that it can replicate real user behavior.
So for example, I can look at products one.
I can select the size for this particular T-shirt and add it to my cart.
On income follow a full end to end process where I can go all the way to proceeding and checking out
the product and replicate paying for the item.
So this website is key to this course.
So I develop a framework which varies in complexity as we progress and we make use of these websites
in order to replicate tests that you may find in the real world.
I hope you found this useful.
Let's move on to the next lecture.